# Introduction
This tutorial is used to build a C++ project with the following software.
* MinGW-w64 is used to compile source codes.
* Visual Studio Code is used as editor.
* CMake is used to build the project.
* Git is used for version control. (How to use Git won't be described here.)
* Doxygen is used to generate documents for the code in html and tex format.
* Miktex is used to generate PDF format documents from tex files generated by Doxygen.

# Structure of the directories
The structure of the directories contained in the project folder is as following.
```
Sample-project
|-- .git/
|-- bin/
|   |-- Sample-project.exe
|-- build/
|-- doc/
|   |-- html/
|   |-- latex/
|   |-- Doxyfile
|-- include/
|   |-- Person.h
|-- source/
|   |-- CMakeLists.txt
|   |-- main.cpp
|   |-- Person.cpp
|-- .gitignore
|-- CMakeLists.txt
|-- README.md
```

# Description for each directory or file
* **Sample-project/**: contains needed files for this project
  * **.git/**: contains files for Git
  * **bin/**: contains executable files
    * **Sample-project.exe**: the executable file of the project
  * **build/**: contains files for building the project
  * **doc/**: contains documents
    * **html/**: documents in html format
    * **latex/**: documents in tex format from which pdf file can be generated
    * **Doxyfile**: configuration file generated and used by Doxygen
  * **include/**: contains header files
    * **Person.h**: header for the class Person
  * **source/**: contains source files
    * **CMakeLists.txt**: configuration file for source files
    * **main.cpp**: main function
    * **Person.cpp**: implementation for the class Person
  * **.gitignore**: records which directories and files being ignored by Git
  * **CMakeLists.txt**: configuration file of the project
  * **README.md**: Information about the project

# Tutorial
Step-by-step instructions for constructing a new project.

1. Install all software mentioned in [Introduction](#introduction).
2. Create a folder, named Project for an example, and the following folders inside Project.
    * bin/, doc/, include/, source/

*To be continued.*